Overview
In this module, we were given data from a school district with school's information. We were to analyze the data, so it would be easier to understand. 

Results
-When I changed the students prefix and suffix, it affected all students' names in the school district and show that they are only student names and nothing else. With several data to look at from each school in the district, we had to merge the data together, so we have one dataset to look at. After we merged the data, we were able to see how many schools are in the district, how many students total, total combined budget, and average scores throughout the district.
-When I analyzed each school's data, it resulted in an analysis fo each school and allows us to compare the results. Reading the results, we can determine that charter schools has a higher average math score than district schools, while the average reading score for all schools are within the 80s range. The results also show that although charter schools has a lower school budget than district schools, charters are more likely to have a higher passing grade of math and reading than district schools.
-When we replaced the 9th graders scores, it affected Thomas High School by decreasing the total scores for math and reading because a score of zero is similar to failing, compared to the other schools. Another way replacing the scores affected Thomas High School was that it reduced the school's scores by spending to 67% passing rate in math, 77% passing rate in reading, and an overall passing rate of 56%. It also affected the scores by school size by reducing it to a math rate of 88%, reading rate of 91%, and an overall passing rate of 85%. The last way the scores affected the school was that it also reduced the scores by school type. Charter schools passing rate reduced in math to 90%, 93% in reading, and an overall passing rate of 87%.

Summary
We can determine that when the math and reading scores for the ninth graders at Thomas High School has been replaced with NaNs, it is telling us that all scores for the ninth graders are essentially counted as a failed grade. Having a failing grade results in a decreased score for the overall passing rate for the school. 
